it's time
of this new finished sedan could tell us so many things start at
talk about the brand new brand brand was very intelligent
because it is proposing common to the new business system
but let's talk about cars we start from the useless line perhaps commenting on it
like milk under the eyes of everyone but we are seeing it we are looking at it
and we are realizing that this machine is actually quite different from the
other
and this is the first one. the most important thing
the one that catches the eye but then there are the details, there are so many details
because this square meters
this great sedan written in competition with virus 5 mercedes e
hairstyle with audi a6 of course
it is also not built on trait motions
on some details found for example in the history of the ben
distinguished by the treatment of surfaces with wood with powders
silver to highlight tiptronic but also the wood grain in short
something unique and exclusive
unique but of course not exclusive because there are so many divided and fewer
badly that its propeller a propeller v6 3 liters 240 horses are in line with
the one that
the average of luxury sedans
macumba sound for example very particular has taken care of the details
makes it almost like the noise of gasoline for me at the guide who expresses the
its best qualities and performances
240 horses are compatible with the competition but a fluid pair is one
really interesting driving regularity
it was also brought to the track, perhaps you know personally I find that the artist
Sicilian factor
we are so from video game - in reality
but it is true that perhaps some things can be tried only in these
conditions
elaine demonstrated all its class also in this
a car that as you can see from the cost chart reddit
is loaded with what are today the updates in terms of technologies of
most interesting security
a car that makes driving dynamics a strong point with an opening that makes
of this security
preventive but also a driving force another strong point in short, the n
different can be compared to a TV series 5 maybe
this must be judged so much so that this new car
may like that it can enter the segment you too interesting price but
especially with a ratio of equipment to the
competition for which making the sum of its price extremely
interesting god
world handle